h1. Geoelevations

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["apps4", "controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :apps4=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"unicorn", :prod_webserver=>"unicorn", :database=>"postgresql", :templates=>"slim", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"rspec-capybara", :continuous_testing=>"guard", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap3", :email=>"smtp", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :starter_app=>"home_app", :rvmrc=>false, :quiet_assets=>true, :better_errors=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0.0
* Rails version 4.0.0

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses PostgreSQL with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: Slim
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap 3.0 (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a SMTP account.

h4. Authors

Copyright (c) 2013 by ProjectLounge.com Inc

h4. Acknowledgments

ProjectLounge.com Inc
Stonham, MA, USA

h4. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 ProjectLounge Inc - all rights reserved

h4. MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



